
Premise:
Jerusalem (CNN)The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria, targeting a group of militants allegedly trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border. The Israel Defense Forces said the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights against four militants who crossed into the area from Syria. "A group of armed terrorists approached the border with an explosive device, which was intended to be detonated against IDF forces," the Israeli military said. The airstrikes prevented the bombing, the military said. Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reported, citing IDF sources. It was not immediately known to what militant group the men belonged. The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control. It is home to 41,000 residents, including Jews, Druze and Alawites. Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war, and it was eventually annexed.


Hypothesis:
Israeli military conducts airstrikes in Golan Heights against four militants who attempted to plant a bomb on the Israeli border. Three of the militants are killed, but **no Israeli soldiers are hurt**. The Golan is considered occupied territory despite Israeli control.

Annotation:
[
  {
    "start": 169,
    "end": 197,
    "text": "no Israeli soldiers are hurt",
    "meta": "HIGH INTRO OF NEW INFO\nThis information about Israelis soldiers were nowhere in the source content",
    "label_type": "Evident Baseless Info",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  }
]

Generated_reasoning:
Yes, the hypothesis is true. 
- The hypothesis states that the Israeli military conducted airstrikes in Golan Heights against four militants who attempted to plant a bomb on the Israeli border. 
- Three of the militants are killed, but no Israeli soldiers are hurt. 
- The Golan is considered occupied territory despite Israeli control. 
- The hypothesis mentions that the Golan is considered occupied territory despite Israeli control.

###Score:
