
Premise:
(The Hollywood Reporter)A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later. A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer, which had Spanish subtitles on the screen. The trailer begins with a commentator's voice asking, "Is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy?" As footage of Superman plays, numerous commentators' voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes, including "We as a population on this planet have been looking for a savior" and "Maybe he's just a guy trying to do the right thing." Ryan Gosling in talks to star in "Blade Runner" sequel. A blurred image of Ben Affleck's face appears shortly before a masked Batman appears, followed by the two superheroes coming face to face. The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday. On Wednesday morning, Snyder teased the trailer by releasing a short excerpt on Twitter. "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" will be released on March 25, 2016 and stars Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman. The film also stars Amy Adams. How much it costs to get Mark Hamill's autograph at "Star Wars" celebration. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.


Hypothesis:
A trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" was leaked online and quickly removed. It began with a commentator's voice questioning the controversy surrounding the most powerful man in the world. The trailer showed footage of Superman and included comments from various people about the superheroes. Ryan Gosling is in talks to star in the "Blade Runner" sequel. The trailer premiered in IMAX theaters on Monday and will be released on March 25, 2016.

Annotation:
[]

Generated_reasoning:
No, the hypothesis is not true. 
- The hypothesis states that the trailer premiered in IMAX theaters on Monday, but the premise states that the trailer was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.

###Score:
