
Premise:
Their relationship led to jail time for her, but Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau wants the world to know that she and her husband, Vili Fualaau, are still happily together. She was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in Seattle in 1996 when she began an affair with Fualaau, her 13-year-old student. Letourneau gave birth to her young lover's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship. On Friday, ABC's "20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple, who will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20. The pair wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005 and are now the parents of two teen girls. According to ABC, during the interview with Barbara Walters, "Mary Kay tells Walters what makes their marriage work in spite of their huge difference in their age." "She also discusses her surprising plans to teach again, as well as her intentions to have her status as a registered sex offender lifted," a posting on the network's site says. "Vili Fualaau, meanwhile, discusses his bouts with alcoholism, depression and why he believes the system failed him while he was still a minor." Letourneau Fualaau is now 53, and her husband is 31.


Hypothesis:
Mary Kay Letourneau, who served 7 years in prison for having an affair with her 13-year-old student, is still married to her husband Vili Fualaau and they are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary this May. Despite their large age gap, **they claim their marriage works due to their shared values and love for each other**. Letourneau hopes to become a teacher again and has applied to have her sex offender status lifted.

Annotation:
```json
[
  {
    "start": 241,
    "end": 323,
    "text": "they claim their marriage works due to their shared values and love for each other",
    "meta": "HIGH INTRODUCTION OF NEW INFORMATION\n\"they claim their marriage works due to their shared values and love for each other\" was not mentioned in the passages and original answer",
    "label_type": "Evident Baseless Info",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  }
]
```

Generated_reasoning:
Yes, the hypothesis is true. 
- The hypothesis states that Mary Kay Letourneau served 7 years in prison for having an affair with her 13-year-old student. 
- The hypothesis also mentions that she is still married to her husband Vili Fualaau and they are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary this May. 
- The hypothesis also mentions that Letourneau hopes to become a teacher again and has applied to have her sex offender status lifted. 
- However, the premise does not mention anything about Letourneau applying to have her sex offender status lifted. Instead, it mentions that she discusses her surprising plans to teach again and her intentions to have her status as a registered sex offender lifted.

###Score:
