
Premise:
What was supposed to be a fantasy sports car ride at Walt Disney World Speedway turned deadly when a Lamborghini crashed into a guardrail. The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience, which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack. The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol said. The driver of the Lamborghini, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, Florida, lost control of the vehicle, the Highway Patrol said. He was hospitalized with minor injuries. Petty Holdings, which operates the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway, released a statement Sunday night about the crash. "On behalf of everyone in the organization, it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today's tragic accident in Orlando," the company said. Petty Holdings also operates the Richard Petty Driving Experience -- a chance to drive or ride in NASCAR race cars named for the winningest driver in the sport's history. CNN's Vivan Kuo and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.


Hypothesis:
A Lamborghini crashed into a guardrail during an Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway, killing one person and injuring another. **The operation, run by Petty Holdings, has been suspended until further notice**.

Annotation:
```json
[
  {
    "start": 147,
    "end": 224,
    "text": "The operation, run by Petty Holdings, has been suspended until further notice",
    "meta": "HIGH INTRO OF NEW INFO\nIt is not mentioned in the original source that the operation, run by Petty Holdings, has been suspended until further notice.",
    "label_type": "Evident Baseless Info",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  }
]
```

Generated_reasoning:
No, the hypothesis is not true. 
- The hypothesis states that the operation, run by Petty Holdings, has been suspended until further notice. However, the premise does not mention the operation has been suspended.

###Score:
1
