
Premise:
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator. Mitchell, who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997, was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home. She remains at the hospital, according to Leslie Morris' court petition filed April 28. Morris is described as Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents. Whether the folk and jazz singer is conscious remains a matter of some confusion. In her April 28 petition, Morris says Mitchell is unconscious: "At this time she (Mitchell) remains unconscious and unable to make any responses, and is therefore unable to provide for any of her personal needs." But on Mitchell's website, a statement posted the same day that says it was approved by Morris says Mitchell is alert. "Contrary to rumors circulating on the Internet today, Joni is not in a coma. Joni is still in the hospital -- but she comprehends, she's alert, and she has her full senses. A full recovery is expected. The document obtained by a certain media outlet simply gives her longtime friend Leslie Morris the authority -- in the absence of 24-hour doctor care -- to make care decisions for Joni once she leaves the hospital." When asked about the discrepancy between statements about Mitchell's health on her website and in the legal filing, her publicist, Alisse Kingsley, responded that "the website" was accurate. A doctor's capacity declaration stated that Mitchell will likely be unable, due to her medical condition, to attend any court hearings for the next four to six months. Adoring fans are posting their tributes to Mitchell at WeLoveYouJoni.com. Sonya Hamasaki and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report.


Hypothesis:
Joni Mitchell**, 76**, is a renowned singer-songwriter who has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. She recently fell unconscious at her home and was rushed to the hospital where she remains. Her close friend, Leslie Morris, has filed a legal petition to be appointed as her conservator. However, there seems to be confusion surrounding Mitchell's health as her website states she is conscious while the legal filing suggests otherwise. Regardless, her admirers continue to express their support online.

Annotation:
```json
[
  {
    "start": 13,
    "end": 17,
    "text": ", 76",
    "meta": "She would have been 71 at the time of this incident.",
    "label_type": "Evident Baseless Info",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  }
]
```

Generated_reasoning:
No, the hypothesis is not true. 
- The hypothesis states that Joni Mitchell, 76, is a renowned singer-songwriter who has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. However, the premise does not mention anything about Mitchell being 76 years old.

###Score:
