
Premise:
A gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, on Monday and shot the school's print shop operator, killing him, authorities said. The school was placed on lockdown, and the gunman remains at large. All buildings have been cleared, Maj. Tom Effler of the Wayne County Sheriff's Office said. "This is not a random situation. It is an isolated situation," he said. The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee. The suspected gunman, identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school. The Goldsboro Police Department described Stancil as "armed and dangerous." "This is indeed a sad day for Wayne Community College and this close family and community," school President Kay Albertson said. "Our hearts are heavy at the loss of an employee -- a valued employee -- and we will soon be reaching out to the family." She praised the "rapid response from the city, the county, the state and the federal first responders," who are "working diligently to apprehend the suspect." The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building. Despite earlier reports, the victim was not killed inside the library, Albertson said. While authorities were clearing out rooms, they deployed tear gas into a restroom someone was in, Effler said. The person inside turned out not to be the suspect. Figures from fall 2013 show the two-year school with a student population of 3,837, according to the National Center for Education Statistics, with slightly more than half the students part-time. Crime statistics from the center's website show no killings, assaults, robberies or motor vehicle thefts between 2011 and 2013. There were three arrests for illegal weapons possession in 2012 and three in 2013.


Hypothesis:
A gunman killed the print shop operator at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, NC. The school was put on lockdown and the suspect, 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, remains at large. **The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee and former student at the school.** The shooting occurred on the third floor of a campus building **and took place in a restroom** while authorities were clearing out rooms. No killings, assaults, robberies or motor vehicle thefts occurred between 2011 and 2013 according to crime statistics from the National Center for Education Statistics. There were three arrests for illegal weapons possession in 2012 and three in 2013.

Annotation:
```json
[
  {
    "start": 333,
    "end": 361,
    "text": "and took place in a restroom",
    "meta": "HIGH INTRO OF NEW INFO\nOriginal: The exact room where the shooting happened is not mentioned. \nGenerative: \"... and took place in a restroom...\"",
    "label_type": "Evident Baseless Info",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  },
  {
    "start": 191,
    "end": 270,
    "text": "The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee and former student at the school.",
    "meta": "EVIDENT CONFLICT\nOriginal: It was the suspect (Kenneth Morgan Stancil III) who is the a former student at the school. Not the victim. \nGenerative: \"The victim, Ron Lane...and former student at the school.\" ",
    "label_type": "Evident Conflict",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  }
]
```

Generated_reasoning:
No, the hypothesis is not true. 
- The hypothesis states that the shooting took place in a restroom while authorities were clearing out rooms. However, the premise does not mention anything about the shooting taking place in a restroom.

###Score:
1
