
Premise:
Newsom picks Black lesbian, Laphonza Butler, a Maryland resident, to fill Feinstein's CA senate seat
On October 1, 2023, California Governor Gavin Newsom appointed Laphonza Butler, the president of EMILY's List, to fill the seat of the late Senator Dianne Feinstein.
Feinstein was the oldest member of the Senate, the longest-serving female senator from 1992 to 2023. She died September 29, 2023.
"Laphonza has spent her entire career fighting for women and girls and has been a fierce advocate for working people.She will make history -- becoming the first Black lesbian to openly serve in the U.S. Senate", Newsom wrote in a post on (formerly Twitter)
Butler is a Democratic strategist who rose to prominence in the labor movement. She previously served as an advisor to Kamala Harris' presidential campaign and as the executive director of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) California.
Prior to joining EMILYs List, Butler served as Director of Public Policy and Campaigns in North America for Airbnb. She also was a partner at SCRB Strategies, a political consulting firm where she was a strategist for candidates running up and down the ballot.-Emilys List
Butler's appointment will take effect immediately. She will serve in the Senate until the next regularly scheduled election in November 2024.
According to her bio "Butler has been a member of the University of California Board of Regents and a member of the board of directors for the Children’s Defense Fund and BLACK PAC. Laphonza grew up in Magnolia, MS, and attended one of the country’s premier HBCUs, Jackson State University".
Butler's appointment is notable because she does not currently live in California. She resides in Maryland, but she owns a home in California and will switch her voter registration per a NBC News report..

Hypothesis:
Here is a summary of the news in 73 words:

Gavin Newsom, the Governor of California, has appointed Laphonza Butler, a Black lesbian woman from Maryland, to fill the seat of the late Senator Dianne Feinstein. **Butler is the first Black lesbian to be elected to the U.S. Senate** and has a long history of advocating for women and working people. Her appointment takes effect immediately and she will serve until the next regularly scheduled election in 2024.

Annotation:
[
  {
    "start": 209,
    "end": 275,
    "text": "Butler is the first Black lesbian to be elected to the U.S. Senate",
    "meta": "EVIDENT CONFLICT:\nAIGC:  Butler is the first Black lesbian to be \"elected\" to the U.S. Senate\nOriginal:  \"the first Black lesbian to openly serve in the U.S. Senate\"",
    "label_type": "Evident Conflict",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  }
]

Generated_reasoning:
No, the hypothesis is not true. 
- The hypothesis states that Butler is the first Black lesbian to be elected to the U.S. Senate, but the premise does not mention anything about Butler being elected.

###Score:
