
Premise:
Surprise Northern Lights in Midwest & Plains
There were several reports across the Midwest and Northern Plains late Friday night into the early morning hours on Saturday, October 20th and 21st, 2023, after a weak Coronal Mass Ejection (CME) hit Earth.
This weak CME resulted in a surprisingly good Northern Lights display across several states across the Midwest, including Minnesota, Michigan, and even reports as far south as southern Wisconsin. A few reports also came from North Dakota and as far south as Omaha, Nebraska.
Unlike past Earthbound CMEs that hit early this year and were heavily reported about, this one had slower solar wind speeds and wasn't projected to be as strong. The overall weak nature of this CME caused many Aurora hunters who watch the charts to signal the arrival of the CME hitting Earth to miss it since the spike we are so used to seeing was not present in this setup.
Instead, the only other hints that the Northern Lights might be present this time around and the arrival of the CME was a gap in the data from the satellites as the CME hit them, an ever so subtle increase in the solar winds, and a gradual decrease in the Bz values (Negative Bz), which means the solar energy is aligning with Earth's magnetic field favoring better odds the lights can be seen further south in the United States. Something Charlie Bourdo caught hours before the event unfolded Friday night!
Do you want to learn more about the Northern Lights and how to forecast them better? Charlie Bourdo recently posted a "How to" video explaining just that! You can find his "How to" video below!
Follow Limitless Media for the latest breaking news updates!
Facebook-Twitter-Youtube-Instagram-Tiktok

Hypothesis:
On October 20th and 21st, 2023, there were reports of surprise Northern Lights sightings in the Midwest and Plains due to a weak Coronal Mass Ejection (CME). Despite the weaker nature of this CME, many were able to view the auroras, including in states like Minnesota, Michigan, and Wisconsin. **The best viewing times were between midnight and 4 am local time.**

Annotation:
```json
[
  {
    "start": 294,
    "end": 359,
    "text": "The best viewing times were between midnight and 4 am local time.",
    "meta": "HIGH INTRO OF NEW INFO\nAIGC: The best viewing times were between midnight and 4 am local time.\nOriginal: This info is not mentioned in the source content.",
    "label_type": "Evident Baseless Info",
    "implicit_true": false,
    "due_to_null": false
  }
]
```

Generated_reasoning:
No, the hypothesis is not true. 
- The hypothesis mentions the best viewing times were between midnight and 4 am local time, but the fact in premise is There were several reports across the Midwest and Northern Plains late Friday night into the early morning hours on Saturday, October 20th and 21st, 2023, after a weak Coronal Mass Ejection (CME) hit Earth. The best viewing times were not mentioned in the hypothesis.

###Score:
0.5
